--- Xiao Hu: Answer to Questions ---

* Task 1:
    Compare the results that you obtained in each case.
    What are the pros and cons of the layout you obtained with and without using
    the provided coordinates?
    Which one do you find superior and why?

- Answer:
    Without using the provided coordinates, the nodes of the force graph is more
    towards the gravity center. It's easier to have a close look at the entire
    graph, but it's certainly not useful to see the clear relationships between
    the nodes, since many of them are clustering with each other. Although, dragging
    makes it more fun to play with, moving links disturb the focus of the audience
    in a certain level.

    The graph with coordinates, on the other hand, requires a relatively larger scale
    to present due to the various distances between nodes' coordinates. However, it shows
    more geometric information of the nodes (airports) on the graph, and demonstrates
    more clear relationships between the nodes.

    I will choose the nodes with coordinates.


* Task 2:
    Compare the results you obtained in this task with the ones from the
    previous task. What are the respective pros and cons of each solution?

- Answer:
    The main difference between the graphs generated for these 2 tasks is this graph
    is not only showing the nodes and links, but also showing the corresponding
    geometric information of each node on the map. The advantage of this task's
    graph is obvious: it relates audience previous understanding of the US airlines
    and geometric image with the information, which leaves more impression on
    the information that the connections between airports. For example, as shown
    on the graph, airports grouping on the right and left side of the graph representing
    the east and west coast of US. It fits the impression of most people that
    important economic cities locate in these areas. Graph base on coordinates also
    project US map as a whole, which stretch the graph width to include the location
    of Hawaii and Alaska.

    From my perspective, the only advantage that task 1's graphs possess is that, if
    needed, the graph base on coordinate shows accurate geometric location of the airports
    base on the Earth map, which this task's graph cannot achieve for the used US
    map rearranges Alaska and Hawaii to closer to the rest 48 states.

* Task 5:
    Comment on the benefits and limitations of the filtering options introduced in this task.
    What additional control mechanisms would you wish to have to improve the visualization of this dataset?

- Answer:
    From my perspective, with filtering option applied to this graph, the benefits
    are significant. It made it much easier to pop the nodes with customized Importance
    factor and Frequency. After all, with all the edges crossing over the graph,
    it's hard to tell the clear connection between airports, or even the location
    of the airports. The filtering tool definitely helps on visualize the required
    information on the graph.

    However, the limitation is also obvious. The lower limit of two scroll bars
    make it easier to find the higher-value nodes/edges, but doesn't solve the
    problem of tiny nodes and almost invisible links. To solve this problem, I
    propose to implement the following additional control mechanisms to improve the
    visualization of this dataset:
      1. Scroll control to zoom in/out.
      2. Scroll control to increase/decrease the size of nodes or edges.
    These 2 control tools would solve the problem of nodes/edges being too small. 
